What did you tell my godmother?
Didn't say anything
It's just that you, a godson, are not sensible
Godmother is going to teach you a lesson
Stop fucking coaxing me
You think I believe you when you get through the phone
Ginger Si is like me, the Qin family is the world
You said you want his honey, my Qin family's honey
Just a dream
Do not believe
Then we'll see if it's real or fake later.
Don't listen to his nonsense
Just do it.
Shave their faces.
I let him see the woman die here with his own eyes
No, no.
Du Chen, what should you do now?
Wait a minute
Now I know I'm afraid
Kneel down and kowtow to admit your mistake
Still the same sentence
You can't threaten them with them
It's just that I don't want to break the cooperation with the Lin family
Du Chen, you bastard
Cool! I thought you liked me!
Lin Qingyao, you think too highly of yourself
Hahahahaha
Xinyao, you heard
So your sweetheart
I don't care about your life
No, if he doesn't care about their lives
Then how dare you take out the shares?
I'll give it to you, do you have life to take it?
Kidnap hostages and threaten me
This kind of dirty move
Only you can think of it
God of Gamblers
It's all your fault that I'm like this today.
I'm going to kill him
Goddamn thing
Do you want to kill our Qin family?